franchise :

Become an edupreneur  and partner with Astron Maths Academy providing formost training in Vedic Mathematics
since 13 years.

Astron Maths Academy is built on strong foundation with a motive to impart learners the goodness of Vedic Mathematics  and help to remove Maths phobia.

Currently the world is going through a crisis in Mathematical literacy. According to a survey by the Annual
 Status of Education Report (ASER) more than 75% of primary kids couldn't do basic addition and subtraction and more than 50%
 of the secondary students cannot correctly solve a numerical division problem.And if the percentage rises
 more, than this is a serious matter of concern for the country.

Vedic mathematics can come to the rescue for this lack of numeracy where you can play a pivotal 
role in getting the best out of the students and rising India's numeracy level.

Our honorable PM Shri Narendra Modiji also promoted Vedic Mathematics for better and 
faster calculation to a student of 12th standard during the program 'Mann ki Baat' on 26 July 2020.


Reasons to become Astron Maths Academy franchise Owner :

1. Be your won Boss 
   Becoming an edupreneur with  Astron  Maths Academy can add more income
   to your family where you can fulfill your dreams and  passion.

2. Break even within 9 to 10 months
   You can earn back your invested money within 9 to 10 months
   of starting your own Vedic Mathematics Centre with us.

3. Teaching with unique games and puzzles
   Unique and specially designed puzzles and games for kids will bring best
   out of them. Kids will love our course and will never miss out even a single class.

4. Regular Training and Teaching
   Regular training will be provided with no extra cost. Courses and Puzzles are updated every year.

5. Money Back gaurentee on all courses
   All our courses are tried and tested on thousands of students and resulted in
   100% improvement. If a student fails in getting improvement even with regular attendance
   then franchisor will refund the fees (excluding tax) on  behalf of the franchise.
   